# [Concept title - use a noun] 

{**Example:** About business processes, About event-driven architecture
}
{A concept document serves as a comprehensive guide, offering clear, concise, and consistent information on a specific technology, theory, or a standard that form the backbone of the new OutSystems' capability. It provides essential background knowledge and explains the principles that drive the new capability. For example, a conceptual document on event driven architecture can help the readers gain more context on how event-driven architecture principles can be used to build apps.}

**[Introductory Paragraph]** *(Heading is optional)*  

You may begin the document with an introductory paragraph before diving into the definition. This introductory paragraph can set the stage, explaining the concept's relevance and importance. It provides readers with a context for what they're about to learn and what they can expect in the document.

**[Optional Paragraph]**   

{Define the concept so that you and your reader will have a shared understanding of the language used throughout the document. Think of it as a glossary definition. Also, define the scope of the concept - define its boundaries, what you'll cover in a document and how deep into details you will dive and the extent of the details you will provide.

Start with a high-level overview and then gradually delve into the details. This approach helps readers quickly grasp the main idea and then explore further as needed.

Address the key questions of what, when, who, why, where, and how (5W and 1H), placing these explanations near the beginning of your document.

Optional: Use a diagram to illustrate how the concept is organized or how it fits into a broader system; a decision tree, a flow chart, or a system overview diagram is best suited for these documents.}

**Example** 

Event-driven architecture (EDA) is a design approach where events trigger actions and enable communication between independent and decoupled services. It is commonly used in distributed systems, microservices, and cloud-native applications.

An event is a change in state or an update of the system that can trigger a response, such as an item placed in a shopping cart on an e-commerce website or a change in the customer's address. Events can be generated by users or external systems. 

## Use case

{List some common use cases and  real-world scenarios where the concept can be used. }

**Example**  

Here are some scenarios where EDA can be used:

* Automatically updating inventory when a product is purchased in an online store.

* Apps that require asynchronous and parallel processing operations, such as handling multiple payment requests simultaneously for improved throughput.

## Related resources

{Optional: Include links to OutSystems resources, external resources that are  original providers of the tech/framework that can help users accomplish the task or learn more about the feature. These additional resources provide users with further guidance and information to enhance their understanding and proficiency. If there are multiple resources, consider grouping them by content type and include a short introductory sentence.

* Concept
* Relevant external link
}


